Landrieu team this is control now you
guys doing down there just fine walk in
the park making our approach get in in
it sure thing yes I hope this one's
better than the last up nope bad nothing
to do so boring the company picks a
mistake not me yeah wasn't so bad they
had a jacuzzi okay heads up we're going
in where control a minute let's please
nice legs
control what's the entry code entry code
is 28 0503 alpha Bobby nerds
computer computer oxygen levels stable
pressure stable interior temperature at
2 degrees and rising damn it's cold quit
whining stick about a like whining ha
knock it off get on the console nitrate
levels look good should be plenty of
nutrients don't tell me we get to eat
this time if you're lucky what have you
got yeah you faint life signs a couple
of big ones but nothing close run into
the database no can do do much
interference probably the star well
whatever it is cause us any problems
nothing stayed can't handle fine we've
got a ton of iron deposits still working
on the trace elements but I think irons
where the money is on this one I trust
you see the menu Venus did I take your
order sure can you prep us a couple of
shredders and an iron ring to get us
started for a steak a steak medium rare
Yeah right who's down next control Jamie
Shelly with you fine son or that's the
prof it's gone right there I mean what's
the hell sheet to do
you a when she gets tile year I'll run
her through the training program yeah
put it on but it's time you did well to
do no good as long as she's out of fire
I don't care ah Beth to get it loaded it
looks like she's early you're kidding
hiya darlin hey Tammy great to see you
I've just loaded the training program
for you oh right well I was kind of
hoping Peter fire it up